__label__6 Is DC making a comeback?: I took some time getting around to this one. When the trailer first came out, I rolled my eyes and thought it was going to be a total bomb. I thought it looked like a corny joke of a movie that was marketed strictly for 10 year olds. Then the first reviews came out and the coldness of my attitude thawed out a bit. Then I had friends telling me they saw it numerous times over because of how good it was? This was the breaking point and I knew I had to see it, and all I can say is, wow, has DC hit a home run! It surprised me how well it did in the shadow of both Captain Marvel and Avengers Endgame. Shazam! is brave in being both intense but great for kids, and also amazing at building its characters and getting us invested in them (I was in love with the foster parents!) Zachary Levi is pitch perfect as the naive "boy trapped in a man's body" superhero. The only problem I had was that it dragged on for way too long.
__label__7 GOOD JOB DC!: Shazam is the most successful DCEU movie for me. Because it gives you everything what it promises before you watch. Other movies couldn't make that. My expectations were low but I had a great time. Movie knows its limits, it brings some new stuff but it has some cliches too. It has amazing references, especially about the universe. The worst part is villain. Mark Strong is a great actor, he plays well on this but character has written so empty. His motivation is so cliche. Zachary Levi is amazing. He felt me like he is an actual child. Also I liked the kids in movie too, they played well. Shazam is a great popcorn movie and it is a good choice to see it in theatre.
__label__4 Violent 2nd half at odds with 1st: The reviews that took me to watch this film praised it as funny and smart. The first half was very much this. But the film industry are beholden to intense, ultra-fast, extreme, loud, dark violence. It swamped the 2nd half and was totally at odds with the nature of the first half. That web sites reviewing this barely mention the violence presumably indicates a kind of conditioning. Gratuitous violence that adds nothing to the story is simply expected. How many times must good throw evil around or vice versa? Dozens in this film. A fun 90 minute film was bloated to 120 minutes entirely unnecessarily.
__label__3 Complete trash .....: The trailer was exciting as helll ... When we saw the movie in theater it was awful.
__label__4 Great for the younger audience.: The one overriding thought I had whilst watching Shazam is that it was a film I would have loved when I was 8-14 years old. The film follows Billy (Asher Angel) who is a teenager searching for his long lost mother. He is placed with a family who look after several other children in a foster home. One of his new brothers Freddy (Jack Dylan Grazer) has an interest in superheroes and Billy soon unlocks his own superhero Shazam (Zachery Levi). The story lines are pretty easy to follow and the humour is very adolescent. Fairly certain we will not be seeing this movie appearing in any oscar lists next year. Having said that it's a pretty easy watch and entertaining enough. Sure it's a film which I would have adored if I were 10 years old though.
__label__9 Shazam is LOVE and INSPIRATION: I saw Shazam with my mom, and it was a beautiful and exciting experience. First I want to emphasize that for the first time, in a superhero movie, we were all WOMEN at the cinema, something I never thought would happen, and I really liked it because the genre does not matter, DC always makes movies for everyone. We laugh, we were thrilled and surprised. At the end of the movie, we were still talking and commenting on this movie. David F. Sandberg made his best film, he is one of the best directors and he would love to continue directing many DC movies, Zachary Levi as Shazam is the heart of the whole movie, he was born to play Shazam, the Shazam Family loved it, Those SCENES were wonderful. And Mark Strong as Dr.Sivana EXCELLENT, a brilliant performance and one of DC's best villains. There is a scene that is the most important for Billy Batson that made me cry and reflect a lot, few times a scene reaches my heart. And seeing scenes EQUAL to the comic made me get a smile. The FINAL scene is the SURPRISE and my favorite scene of the whole movie. This is the movie that in years will be the classic that we will see every Christmas with our families and friends, the most inspiring film, with a heart and a beautiful final message. The best superhero movie and the best comedy of the year. Shazam is LOVE and INSPIRATION.
__label__7 A refreshing take for the DCEU: I went to watched Shazam a few weeks ago, expecting nothing impressive. However, I came out from the movie, quite impressed with the film. This is what DC has been missing with its recent films. Just a very simple family friendly film, Shazam is a great mix between comedy and light drama. The casts are great and they have good chemistry. I absolutely adore the boy who played Freddy. He was amazing, funny and very lovable. As for Shazam, I think that Zachary Levi did a great job, playing a kid in an adult's body. Although, there is a gap between young Billy and old Billy, it is something that can be dismissed. And I think the differences do make sense, since that's probably how I would also act, if I could suddenly turn into someone else. What I also like about Shazam is that it is something you can actually relate to. The hero, Shazam or Billy Batson is just a normal boy. He doesn't try to save the world or do anything for the greater cause, instead he just tries to protect the things he loved. In conclusion, I like this film and I think you should give it a go. It's great and it's a nice change for the DCEU.
__label__2 Not good enough: I watched Shazam 2 weeks after it came out, and I heard that it was very good. But when I watched it I was disappointed with the whole movie. It lacks so much superhero-vibes and it was very childish, which I understand since Shazam is basically a teenager but he was just acting too childish. You get a sense of "With great power, comes great responsibility" vibes in the movie, but at most times Billy was just fooling around which annoys me so much as it shows me how unworthy he is to possess powers. The movie may have some good laughs but overall it just wasn't a fovourite for me unfortunately.
__label__9 Good: This movie does very well what it was meant to do, keep you awake whole time, not bore you, and make you laugh a lot. Because of other DC movies my expectations were low and I had no interest of watching it, but I still did it and I'm glad. I loved the movie, and a cast is great. Don't pay attention to negative reviews, just go and see it by yourself, surely you will have fun, because it's HILARIOUS!
__label__8 Really enjoyable: I have to say the last time I enjoyed a DC movie was when Wonder Woman came out. Zachary Levi was fantastic in this and it was hilarious. I enjoyed the action sequences and I hope they come out with a sequel to this. I would be willing to see this a second time in the theater I enjoyed it that much.
__label__7 A Good Time: Shazam is much different from the other DCEU movies. While some of the others gave themselves a much darker tone, this one is content to be a much lighter movie, telling a coming of age story. It focuses on Billy Batson, a foster kid who's gone between various homes while searching for his real family. He forms a bond with Freddy, another kid in the home, who's obsessed with superheroes. Billy is summoned by the wizard Shazam to take his place and prevent Dr. Sivana from claiming his powers. It's not a particularly original premise, but it succeeds because of the characters, which are the movie's best strength.
__label__8 Fun! Fun!!: Way better than I expected. Excellent story, great casting a lot of twists and turns. Highly recommend this production.
__label__7 Great Superhero Romp: It's clear someone took notes from the Deadpool snark catalog, but that's ok. It works! Having been an every Saturday morning devotee of the Shazam/Isis hour in my youth, I looked forward to this movie with no more tree hope than just hoping they didn't screw it up. Zack Levi brings a flawed breath of fresh air to Captain Marvel, I mean Shazam of course. His portrayal was unique, entertaining, & did a great job of portraying a teenage boy in an adult male body. The results were hilarious at times, touching & endearing at others, just plain fun from start to finish. Speaking of Isis & sequels...
__label__9 No1 Shazam: Great movie with great storyline. And great family. VFX so cool. It was better than all part of Deadpool because Deadpool not good for family member but Shazam movie is good for family member with pure jokes comedy not adult bad jokes like Deadpool . so I will choose Shazam was awesome.
__label__6 Come Ready To Laugh: I gave this a seven because of the comedy aspect of the film. Overall the story was kind of weak and the ending was poor. The film could have been about 20 minutes shorter. Overall I was entertained and that's why we go to movies anyway.
__label__4 Would Have Been A 10 Seven Years Ago: It's another decent origin story in an era of great origin stories. This would have blown me away of I hadn't seen a dozen others like it over the last 7 years. I think I've officoally had it with superhero movies. If you're still into them you'll like it okay.
__label__6 A high point for the DCEU: Shazam is a good film. It is not at the pinnacle of superhero movies but it does set a benchmark for DC moving forward. From the start this movie is entertaining with Zachary Levi and Jack Dylan Grazer carrying the movie with great and comedic performances. The best parts of the movie include Zachary Levi as Shazam, the script and comedic points in the movie. The worst parts consist of a lackluster villain. 7/10 from me.
__label__8 Better than Potter's dementors: Excellent entertainment abut scary for my 11yr old son. Shazam is a rounded story, well played with good music. The scene, however where billy finds his mom might have been left on the cutting floor. While it explains what happened after he as a toddler follows the compass ball that his mom 'won' at the fair and apparently he becomes an orphan , I did not really miss that part until it came up in the film. The film is not over until it's really over. Wait and watch the goldfish scene, after the end credits.
__label__5 One of the better superhero movies: Shazam is a funny movie and is probably one of the better superhero movie. The Movie is about a 14 year old boy that is a foster child and he keeps on running away from his homes to look for his long lost mother. In his latest foster home he meets his new family they seem quite nice but he still wants to run away again. Till one night he gets chosen by a wizard to take his throne and rule the world with his powers. He can always activate those by saying Shazam. I find this movie very funny and entertaining. Its jokes and punchlines are perfectly added in. The only downside is it doesn't have the greatest acting, this is mainly because most the actors are really young and will mostly improve over there acting carrias. I really enjoyed this movie.
__label__7 Stealing some of Marvel's Thunder?: Shazam is a fun character, that I never thought I'd see on the big screen. You'd expect someone who is mega buff, but instead we get Zachery Levi...and he's perfect! He brings the humor that DC movies needed. The villain isn't great, but the story behind him is pretty good. I saw lots of references to other characters, some of which paid off later and probably will in future movies. I also saw a name in the credits that didn't show up and has me excited for a sequel. (Dwayne Johnson, look it up) Overall, DC is doing a better job with their properties which has me excited, but I'm afraid also with the actors being switched out on Batman and Superman.. but this movie is a step in the right direction.
