__label__2 Terrible: Maybe 1 or 2 decent scenes in the movie...even thought of walking out.
__label__5 Dumb fun: I was completely and utterly convinced that this hated reboot of the beloved 2000s Del Toro films was going to be my biggest regret at the movies. Surprisingly, it wasn't. I watched Hellboy (2019) and sufficeth to say, I was very entertained. It was very flawed and extremely hasty, but I still really liked it. The story was fast paced, David Harbour was appealing and funny, the gore was awesome, and the ending was satisfying. Of course it was a really stupid movie, but it was still fun. I was expecting something so atrocious that it would make me kick my seat in anger but I didn't. I saw past most of the flaws because I was entertained by the dark, funny, testosterone filled giddiness that was Hellboy. It's not Del Toro and Perlman and for me it didn't need to be, and that's probably what pissed so many people off. Another thing, the movie was released at a very unfortunate time, right after Shazam, and right before Endgame. It was destined to be pooped on, which is too bad. If I could explain the movie in any way, it was the cinematic equivalent of eating all your favorite junk food for dinner. You know it's bad, you know you'll hate it a lot after, but it's fun while it lasted.
__label__0 If your looking for one of the worst movies ever made...: This is a fun movie I guess to admire how bad it is. Nearly everything is completely wrong about it. The editing was absolutely terrible. The acting was horrible. The writing was done by a fifth grader. First movie to ever get 1/10 from me, and the first movie I ever saw in theaters and I was on my phone the whole time. Im glad David Harbour tried, but in the end the movie was a total mess.
__label__6 All around decent: The story was good, felt like the older hellboys with the action packed monster fighter and dry humor thrown in. The main problem was the CGI. It seemed a bit off at times and some scenes didn't feel as fluid as they should have been. Overall, decent movie and worth my time to watch.
__label__0 Not good: Such a let down hellboy and hellboy 2 are awesome this is not only Shame you can not score this a zero.
__label__3 All gore no substance: The new Hellboy reboot is poor. Imagine everything that made the Guillermo del Toro Hellboy movies stand out and have all of that sucked out into a bloody gore-fest with crappy characters and everything feeling cheap as a result. You get a movie that feels like all gore no substance to it. Having gore is not necessarily a bad thing. It's the one thing this Hellboy reboot has going for it, but if you care about the plot, the characters, or the effort put into the production side of things, then it's one heck of a wreck of a movie. Hellboy himself in this version is a completely unlikable guy with pretty much no redeeming qualities to him at all. He makes bad jokes after bad jokes with not a single good quip or one-liner. He's just a total jerk with no heart and no where near as memorable as Ron Pearlman's portrayal. The other characters don't fare that much better. The pig creature is probably the overall best, but the villain is very one-dimensional as well as the other supporting characters. Everything just feels watered down. The special effects are really bad and the annoying music sprinkled throughout the movie doesn't help either. Overall, the Hellboy reboot was just lame. Like sure it was more gory and if you like to see a bloody version then you'll get that, but for me it lacked the things I liked in the previous Hellboy movies, such as the production side of things and the depth of the story and the characters. It felt like a cash grab and the company trying to bank on the name without realising what made Hellboy decent in the first place. A shame because I was kind of hoping it might have been surprisingly good, but I just ended up being annoyed by it.
__label__6 Don't trust bad reviews: If u love monster films with huge battles. Hellboy is for u. It is on of those films where it ain't about the reviews. Its about having a good time. So don't let reviews decide. U decide. Use your own opinion.
__label__0 In the top 5 worst films I've ever seen.: The originals were brilliant, funny and action packed. This was just rubbish. Truly awful script, directed by a 12 year old. I felt sorry for the actors, I think they did the best they could but I honestly wanted to walk out halfway through and wished I had when it ended.
__label__9 A very good movie: The truth is a very good movie, many say it is bad but it is because they compare it with Guillermo del Toro's films but this new movie has a good story, a good plot and very bloody that the director took a risk because not many of them dare to put so many bloody scenes and the only bad thing I notice about the film was that some effects are bad means and also some performances.
__label__6 Expected Nothing, movie was okay: Ok, so I went for this movie having seen the previous Hellboy films and not having read the comics. I saw the trailer, which I quite liked. While watching the movie, during sentimental scenes, I didn't feel anytiing. During the action scenes, I was not amused. During the funny scenes, I exhaled a little, sometimes. Some moments were designed to disgust the audience, and those succeeded spectacularly. The movie was badly written, the soundtrack was horribly out of place, there was little to no character development. It seems like they wanted to include a number of monsters even if there was no connection to the story. They basically stuffed as many things in the movie as they could and confused everyone, including the ones on screen. In short, I loved it. This movie was everything I figured it would be. I for one don't much care for Hellboy, so I can't speak for the fans. But if you want to watch a movie so bad that it is funny, I would totally recommend this.
__label__2 They've just ruined it: They've just ruined this amazing franchise for all the hellboy fans. This new hellboy doesnt sound, doesn't walk and doesn't look like hellboy.
__label__8 As good as the first one (or even better): After reading all bad reviews, I expected to be disappointed, however disappointment never came, all 3 hours of it's playtime were fun, I'd say even more fun than most other CGI flicks. Movie is great, definitely more gory than the previous ones. Creatures are visually impressive. Story might not be too cohesive but that can unexpectedly become part of the fun after being tired with all the pseudo-drama in other superhero franchises. Having no soapy love story is additional plus in my book. Unless, of course, one attends all those CGI-filled movies expecting Citizen Kanes or such. All in all, a great trashy alternative to all the current mass-oriented superhero pulp.
__label__9 A great film: Wait.. why are the ratings so low? This is a great movie. Typical Hellboy action and some laughs. I loved it. Giving it a 10 to help with the ratings.
__label__5 Good VFX, too gory: Just came from the theater. The movie was fun but too gory for my liking. I averted my eyes during some scenes. The acting was good as well as the special effects and visual effects. The story was a bit convoluted though. Too much going on. Giants and faeries and witches and Merlin and King Arthur and other assorted demons... I liked Ron Perlman's wise cracking better.
__label__4 Maybe one for the hardcore comic book fans?: I thought this film was ok,in that a lot seemed to be happening. However I struggled to follow why things were happening. It seemed all action and little explanation. I didn't find the the Hellboy character the easiest to get along with and follow his motives and The bad guys were also not the easiest to work out. I spent a lot of the film baffled as to what was going on and not laughing at the attempts at humour. On the plus side there was a lot of action, the film moved along quickly and it was very different.
__label__7 a good watch, stylish and fast: The movie certainly deserves a 6.5 or 7, just plain entertainment. my eyes an ears were kept busy the whole time, proper use of the R rating with plenty of gorey set pieces and scenes. go in with an open mind and some THC in your brain people.
__label__1 First time in my life I fell asleep in the cinema: Please don't watch if you value life.......................
__label__3 Chaotic: My friend fell asleep during this. The writing is laughable. Bring back Ron.
__label__0 2 hours of my life am never getting back: Anyone who have this movie more than 4 stars. Please go get a life. This movie is a disgrace to original Hellboy 1&2. Unnecessarily gory and predictable action. I am writing this review as I am watching the end of this HORRIBLE MOVIE. Please save your money and time by avoiding watching this movie.
__label__6 Hell of a Boy: After seeing trailer was expecting a disappointing movie but hells bells its really quite entertaining.Non stop action with plenty of gore,violence and swearing.I salute you satan child good effort.
