__label__9 You're not ready for this, believe me: I have everything to say, and I'm speechless at the same time. Yo expect everything about this movie, and everything is small expressed. This movie has plot twist, an amazing story, amazing acting (RDJ deserves every single award), visual effects, directing, and everything you want a Marvel movie or any movie to be. And obviously, tears. Tears of joy, and tears of loss. 3 Hours pass without you noticing it, it felt like 1.5 hour, max. Ladies and gentlemen, please experience this yourself. This is a good movie.
__label__9 Absolute Perfection End Game ( Score 10/10 ? ): Absolute perfection end game !! Good acting performance to all the characters. Great cgi's. Truly epic & perfect ending to a long journey of marvel movie. Go see it you wont regret it !! Perfection Marvel Endgame !!
__label__9 Perfection: Unbelievable. For Marvel to pull this tour de force of a film is unreal. 21 films. 21 films culminating in the conclusion of endgame. The scope is incredible, I will only say it's definitely one of the best Marvel films out there, and there are many. I don't want to spoil anything. Watch it!
__label__9 Action,Happiness,Sadness and pure joy!: I laughed , cried and was speechless. 3 hours well used. It was a perfect "ending" of the Avenger Movies. I will watch it again and again and again. 10 points well deserved!!!
__label__8 The zenith of the MCU franchise.: I feel like I'm wasting my time writing down my thoughts about Avengers Endgame, because nothing I (or any critic) could say about it would ever dissuade a prospective viewer from seeing it. But after having had the chance to watch it at a preview screening, I can't help but say a few spoiler-free words. I'm not your average fanboy -- most long-running franchises have bored me at this point, and I couldn't care less about the newest Star Wars episode or whether there will be another film set in the Harry Potter universe. But Marvel films have been consistently watchable, with many solid entries and a few great ones (Winter Soldier, Ragnarok, the first Guardians of the Galaxy among others). And after Infinity War ended with a cliffhanger, I was looking forward to the conclusion. Boy, was I not disappointed! Very few highly-anticipated movies live up to the hype, but Avengers Endgame is one of them. It's the perfect follow up to Infinity War, and the absolute zenith of the Marvel franchise. It's hard to see how they'll be able to top this one. It's surprisingly inventive (even when you know where the story is headed, the plot takes a few tangents getting there), emotionally engaging (a few people were crying in the theater) and surprisingly funny (this is probably the most I've laughed in a Marvel film since Thor Ragnarok). Visually speaking, it's a true spectacle (topping Infinity War in the 'epic battle' stakes), and even though it's three hours long, it doesn't feel bloated. The only times I glanced at my watch was because I was hoping there would be more time before the end. Yes, it's a superhero movie, but an immensely entertaining one (especially for fans who have seen all the pictures that came before it, there are tons of references and inside jokes to reward the faithful). If "Return of the King" managed to win Best picture at the 2003 Oscars Avengers Endgame deserves at least a nomination. It's as good (and in many ways better) a conclusion to a fantasy/genre series as the Peter Jackson film. Go see it.
__label__9 The most satisfying ending, just like the Russo's said.: This movie proves the Russo brothers are in a league of their own when it comes to closing a franchise this big. In my opinion they pulled of the most satisfying ending this story arc could have. It's nothing without its previous 21 movies. Must watch for every movie fan.
__label__9 The ending made all 22 movies worth it: If you're going to watch this movie, avoid any spoilers, even spoiler free reviews. Which is why I'm not going to say anything about the movie. Not even my opinion. All I'm going to say is, The crowd applauded 3 times during the movie, and stood up to clap their hands after. This I have never witnessed in a Dutch cinema. Dutch crowds aren't usually passionate about this. I checked the row where I was sitting, and people were crying. After the movie, I was seeing people with smudged mascara. That's all I have to say about the movie.
__label__9 Just wow. Best superhero movie ever: Basically the title. Left me speechless. I was probably too hyped to the point of annoyance but it broke my massive expectations to the point that I'm watching it again 2 more times this weekend. It leaves you at the edge of your seat and the 3rd act is just insane and a masterpiece. Infinity War was fantastic but this is insanity, in all the right ways. The best series finale that I hoped it would be and then some.
__label__9 OMFG! Love3000: I can't describe what kind of emotions this movie shook lose while I watched it. I haven't laughed this much in a marvel movie, not even Ragnarok, I wasn't as touched by any as by this one, the action was amazing, the story was surprising, almost nothing got left out, it's just the ending which wasn't as strong as the rest of the move, but that doesn't really matter. If I could, I'd turn around and go watch it again. 3 Hours went by like a fingersnipping by Thanos. Just amazing. And I am aware there are a tiny few bits that don't make complete sense, but that doesn't change anything about how amazed I was.
__label__9 So good: The best marvel movie ever, I cannot put into words how amazing this movie was, too good!
__label__9 A MASTERPIECE: Speechless, guys, speechless... Avengers Endgame, is the best movie of superheros and of the best movies in all history.
__label__7 Overall an epic conclusion but inferior to Infinity War's pace and energy (SPOILER FREE): This is probably the highest 8/10 I could give for an 8/10 movie. There are some very good moments in Endgame and that's coming from a long standing MCU fan growing up with these movies. In creating an extensive and emotional journey for a lot of the MCU characters, it absolutely succeeds. Endgame ultimately is an excellent conclusion to over 10 years of film but I feel the plot's pacing and direction is really lacking to Infinity War, which 'trimmed the fat' and was much more focused and energetic. Granted, Endgame takes risks but this might be a disappointment to some fans with its slower pace that focuses on character development over action and intense sequences. The run time probably should be shorter or streamlined. Less cuts and motion blur during fight scenes would've made it easier to track fights as well. Respect for the Russo Brothers for taking the direction they did with Endgame and it really does satisfy but Infinity War is overall a more entertaining movie. It's not the best MCU movie but I can't dispute its great conclusion.
__label__9 The Perfect Finale: Avengers Endgame is the final film to the Infinity saga in the Marvel Cinematic Universe. The story is emotional, unpredictable, unforgettable, complex and intense. The story does continue on right after infinity war had finsihed, and I thought it was a good way too start because the characters can give you an understanding of how they are feeling. How much loss they have witnessed. During the three hour film, you care so much for the characters that it makes you want them to live through the whole time, leaving with no casualties. The acting by the cast is outstanding, none of their lines sounded cheesy. Chris Evans and Robert Downey Jr especially. The audience has never seen the two characters shine so bright and powerful over the last 11 years. The visuals are the most impressive, it is shown to be Oscar worthy and you would be hungry for more as the film continues on. The final battle was the bomb, the mother of all battles, better then Ready Player One's finale. It's so big and all of it fits in perfectly. Avengers Endgame is the perfect finale that has been set up over the last 11 years. Its a rewatchable film and you will never see the characters the same way as you have seen them from the past films.
__label__9 Excellence: The climax that all fans deserve. Marvel still pulls out surprises that you couldn't dream of, allowing this to earn a spot anongst some of the greatest films made. The length yields an utterly satisfying scene, but honours the 11 years of the studio with the perfect ending.
__label__9 Avengers Endgame is a perfect closure for 10+ years franchise of films: Although throughout the movie you kinda expect what is happening, Avengers Endgame closes out the 10+ years of MCU greatly and opens up nicely new ways for future MCU films to come, it's definitely an unforgettable experience and a must watch for every MCU Fans, Non-MCU Fans might feel lost in this one. 10/10 for MCU Fans. 7/10 for Movie buffs.
__label__9 Fitting End: Despite what others may say or have said this film was far from predictable. I certainly lost my bets. I both laughed and cried during this film. I loved every minute and none of those minutes were wasted. The writers outdid themselves on this one. I just hope the next ten years can live up to the first. Here's hoping.
__label__6 Polarizing... did not live up to my expectations: No spoilers. The movie had a nice closing of the past 10 years but is far from the best Marvel movie which I had hoped for. Infinity war is head and shoulders above it due to its high pace and perfect character combinations. Endgame is funny, emotional and provides more depth to main character heroes. However, leaves so many important things out of focus despite its 3 hour runtime. Also, surprisngly feels like the Russos missed many great opportunities to make the movie better. Go and see it! Still important piece if the puzzle.
__label__9 Perfection: This movie has the absolute perfect balance of fan service and harsh moments. Lean into the tears and suspend a little disbelief. This movie is everything we needed and more than we deserved.
__label__9 Most Beautiful Marvel Movie.: Just watch it by yourself. This movie has more deep story, and will mix all your feelings as well. Thanks god nowadays kid has a great role model for them and thanks god that i was born into this era when this Comic Book Movie exist.
__label__9 Simply great: Just watched the new Avengers-movie. It's simply fantastic and a must-watch for every Marvel-Fan. It contains everything I expected and wished for an so much more. It's hard to put in words without a spoiler. Find out by yourself and enjoy.